c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.pdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.pdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.Page1.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.Calc.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\obj\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\rafael.desktop-sfe51cc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\AppFormsRLSystem\bin\Debug\AppFormsRLSystem.dll.mdb
